c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.exe.config
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.exe
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.pdb
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Atlassian.Jira.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Build2.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Chat.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.DistributedTask.Common.Contracts.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Policy.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.SourceControl.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Test.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.TestManagement.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Work.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Atlassian.Jira.pdb
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Atlassian.Jira.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Build2.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Chat.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.DistributedTask.Common.Contracts.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Policy.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.SourceControl.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Test.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.TestManagement.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Work.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.WorkItemTracking.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Core.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TeamFoundation.Dashboards.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.Common.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Services.WebApi.resources.dll
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\obj\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\obj\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\obj\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.exe
c:\users\willi\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\JIRAtoVSTS\JIRAtoVSTS\obj\Debug\JIRAtoVSTS.pdb
